Hey, Sophia, we know you're in there.
Please, Jehovah, make it stop.
What are we doing?
Let's go.
All right, class.
Today, we're going to discuss.
Sophia, you're late.
I'm sorry.
I was...
Never mind. We'll talk about this later.
Okay, okay. That's enough.
Sophia, take your seat.
Today, we're going to discuss the difference between division and long division.
Okay, class. Here are the results from yesterday's test.
Good work, Sophia.
Hey, Angela. What you get?
I don't care.
Whoa! Deep plus?
Well, at least there's a plus.
Whatever.
What are you looking at?
I didn't see you there.
It's like you're invisible.
Oh, what's this?
See you tomorrow.
Okay, let me help.
Sometimes they pick on me too.
Miss Wilson said I could hold the bunny.
But I had to be very gentle.
Really?
I named him Fred.
But I didn't get to hold him for very long.
I'm pretty much a bunny expert now.
Is everything all right, honey?
Um, see you tomorrow.
Okay, let's talk about something very important.
Prayer.
Caleb, what are some things that you can pray for?
I can pray for things that make me happy.
Like a helicopter, a mountain of ice cream, the belly ache.
I see.
But tell me, when we pray before bedtime,
what do we pray for?
Thank Jehovah for the good things he made.
Like animals, the stars, and the ocean.
God's kingdom.
And to help our brothers and sisters.
That's right.
You can pray for your brothers and sisters.
And remember, they are praying for you too.
We know that when we pray for the right things, Jehovah hears us.
He answered my prayers.
Oh, what's wrong, Sophia?
You can tell us.
There's a girl at school.
She's so mean to me.
Oh, no.
Oh, honey, it's okay.
I prayed for it to stop, but nothing's happened.
Is Jehovah mad at me?
No, my dear.
Jehovah isn't mad at you.
Maybe Jehovah can't see me.
No.
There is someone in the Bible who felt the same way you do.
Her name was Hannah.
Hannah loved Jehovah very much.
But someone named Penina was very mean to her.
It's so nice to see the children play, isn't it?
She had a bully too?
Yes.
We're ready to eat.
Here's your portion, Hannah.
And Penina, here's yours.
She was very jealous of Hannah.
I'll get some water.
You think you're so special, Hannah?
Then why hasn't Jehovah given you any children?
Are you okay, Hannah?
Why are you so sad?
Others could not understand why Hannah was so upset.
Because the pain was in her heart.
So she talked to the woman who would understand.
Oh, Jehovah, please see me.
Remember me, and do not forgive me.
Please, give me a child.
If you do, I will give him to you all his life to serve you.
What are you doing?
Why are you drunk?
I'm not drunk. I'm under great stress.
Oh.
I've been praying for Jehovah to help me.
Go in peace.
And may Jehovah give you what you've asked for.
Do you know why Hannah felt better even though her prayer wasn't answered yet?
Why?
Because Hannah knew Jehovah heard her prayer.
When Jehovah listens to your prayers, he really listens.
And he knows just what we need, even better than we do.
But how does he answer them?
In lots of different ways.
Sometimes we just have to wait and see.
Because he's busy?
No.
Because it can be hard for us to see the answer.
Let's talk about what you can pray for.
And what you can do tomorrow at school to work along with those prayers.
Those are going to be mean to me.
These help me to be like Hannah tomorrow.
She's strong like her.
And then she went to the tabernacle and Ely was there.
He was a high priest.
Who it is?
What do you want, Angela?
Oh.
I was just wondering if you had a pen act about her.
Why do?
Jehovah heard her prayer.
Jehovah?
It's me, Caleb.
Please help Sophia.
Please.
Help Sophia be strong and supportive.
Watch over the children in our congregation.
Like Caleb and Sophia.
Please watch over our children.
Help our children make you proud.
Please, Jehovah.
Give our children the strength they need to face.
Jehovah.
Please.
They need your help.
We ask you to spread out.
In Jesus' name.
Are you going to cry?
Stop, Angela.
You're being mean.
And if you keep being mean, I'm going to tell.
No, you won't.
Yes, I will.
You can't tell me what to do.
Let's go, Zoe.
I, sister.
I'm so brave.
How did you do that?
I prayed for courage and Jehovah helped me.
Hannah gave birth to a son and named him Samuel.
Because, as she said,
It is from Jehovah that I have asked him.
There is no one holy like Jehovah.
There is no one but you.
Thank you, Jehovah.